welcome to the man of recaps this is the
lego movie in the lego city of
bricksburg lives Emmit a totally normal
dude who always follows the instructions
he likes watching network sitcoms like
where are my pants and listening to
terrible catchy pop music oh my gosh I
love this song so he lives a happy life
as a construction worker but one day he
sees a mysterious figure skulking about
who turns out is a super hot
cyberpunk emo chick that breaks Emmett's
brain he falls into the hole one finds
the mysterious piece de resistance when
he touches it boom something happens and
he wakes up it's strapped to his back
he's being interrogated by bad cop who's
also good cop sometimes but the girl
comes back to save him with some sick
matrix moves her name is wild style and
she's a master builder which means she
can build all sorts of cool stuff
without the instructions she tells them
it he's the special a chosen one from
the prophecy who would find the piece de
resistance and save the world save it
from what the evil Lord business he's
the evil overlord of all the lego worlds
and he's got a collection of relics
things from the real world that he's
found and mispronounces bring me the
fleece crested scepter of cute deep and
the police remover of naive his evil
plan is Taco Tuesday it sounds fun but
it's not about Mexican food it's a silly
anagram where he's going to release the
ultimate super weapon the kragle which
is a scuffed up tube of Krazy Glue he's
going to spray the kragle over all the
worlds to keep everything perfectly
ordered permanently so Emmett and
wyldstyle escape the city and make it to
the Old West world but it's very quickly
apparent that Emmett is not special they
visit the old wizard Vitruvius who is
blind and he looks inside Emmett's head
and sees that it is totally empty and it
does have one original idea introducing
the double-decker couch that idea is
just the worst just then the bad guys
show up so wild styles gotta build
something to get him out of there and it
tries his hand at master building and
well he could still use some work they
blow up the bridge and are falling to
certain doom but they're saved by Batman
turns out Batman is wildstylez boyfriend
and she likes him because he's so edgy
this is a song
wyldstyle I'm an orphan then they make
it to cloud cuckoo-land a hidden world
with no rules at all
led by princess unikitty who only thinks
happy thoughts they have a meeting of
all the master-builders including a lot
of familiar faces and fill them in that
the special and the piece de resistance
have been found but Emmet's speech is a
very uninspiring the bad guys show up
again and arrest all the master-builders
our gang builds a submarine to escape
but because they all had such different
styles it falls apart the only thing
that stays together is Emmett's
double-decker couch there picked up by
the pirate cyborg metal beard who points
out Lord business's forces completely
ignored the double-decker couch so they
need more ideas like it ideas so dumb
and bad that no one would ever think
they could possibly be useful oh thank
you so they let Emmet plan the Tower
Heist and his idea is to follow the
instructions and build a totally normal
spaceship to sneak in wild styles grown
to like Emmet and tells him her real
name is Lucy they almost have a romance
but she's still his dating Batman 1980s
spaceman Ben he is having trouble with
the voice-activated computer so metal
beard gives it a try you have young
disabled she what so Emmet makes it in
and is going to cap the kragle but
they're discovered and their plan is
foiled the wizard Vitruvius is
decapitated Oh before he dies he reveals
a terrible secret the prophecy was
completely made up so Lord business is
leaving all the master-builders to be
electrocuted well he goes out to start
Taco Tuesday it's a great time at first
but quickly takes an evil turn ghost
Vitruvius visits Emmet and finishes his
sentence the prophecy was made up but it
is true because anyone can be special if
they believe in themselves and it does
what he can and sacrifices himself to
save the other Master Builders they
break out with the help a bad cop who's
had a change of heart and Lucy
broadcasts to the whole legal world
telling them that they can all be
special if they believe spaceman Benny
realizes he's got the pieces for his
moment of glory he can build a spaceship
they make it to the city where all the
normal citizens have built cool things
to fight back amit meanwhile wakes up in
the real world and finds out that lourd
business is real ferrell he's an adult
lego hobbyist who gets mad when his son
messes everything up you know the rules
this is sort of toy so he takes the
kragle and starts putting everything
back the kid grabs Emmet who finally
believes in himself and sends him back
to the Lego world where now he's awoken
his master building Bowers he builds a
sweet construction robot and busts in to
save the day he's overwhelmed by the
micromanagers so princess unikitty lets
herself think non happy thoughts and
unleashes her angry fury so Emmet goes
for the final showdown with Lord
business but he doesn't fight him he
explains that everyone is special and
the weird creativity of individualism is
a great thing in the real world the dad
starts to realize this too and
reconciles with his son as Lord business
reconciles with Emmet so together they
cap the kragle and the day is saved Emma
and wyldstyle have fallen in love so
Batman agrees he's the main character he
should get the girl so they all live
happily ever after except Will Ferrell's
like hey if you get to play with the
Legos I guess we should let your sister
play with them too and as a very young
girl she's got some really wacky ideas
so that's how the lego movie comes to an
end
[Music]